Just use https://quipqiup.com/
You will get:

------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
congrats here is your flag - substitution_ciphers_are_solvable_mmpyigrueb -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
call me ishmael. some years ago-never mind how long precisely-having little or no money in my purse, and nothing particular to interest me on shore, i thought i would sail about a little and see the watery part of the world. it is a way i have of driving off the spleen and regulating the circulation. whenever i find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, dri??ly november in my soul; whenever i find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral i meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it re?uires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically ?noc?ing people's hats off-then, i account it high time to get to sea as soon as i can. this is my substitute for pistol and ball. with a philosophical flourish cato throws himself upon his sword; i ?uietly ta?e to the ship. there is nothing surprising in this. if they but ?new it, almost all men in their degree, some time or other, cherish very nearly the same feelings towards the ocean with me. there now is your insular city of the manhattoes, belted round by wharves as indian isles by coral reefs-commerce surrounds it with her surf. right and left, the streets ta?e you waterward. its extreme downtown is the battery, where that noble mole is washed by waves, and cooled by bree?es, which a few hours previous were out of sight of land. loo? at the crowds of water-ga?ers there. circumambulate the city of a dreamy sabbath afternoon. go from corlears hoo? to coenties slip, and from thence, by whitehall, northward. what do you see?-posted li?e silent sentinels all around the town, stand thousands upon thousands of mortal men fixed in ocean reveries. some leaning against the spiles; some seated upon the pier-heads; some loo?ing over the bulwar?s of ships from china; some high aloft in the rigging, as if striving to get a still better seaward peep. but these are all landsmen; of wee? days pent up in lath and plaster-tied to counters, nailed to benches, clinched to des?s. how then is this? are the green fields gone? what do they here? but loo?! here come more crowds, pacing straight for the water, and seemingly bound for a dive. strange! nothing will content them but the extremest limit of the land; loitering under the shady lee of yonder warehouses will not suffice. no. they must get ?ust as nigh the water as they possibly can without falling in. and there they stand-miles of them-leagues. inlanders all, they come from lanes and alleys, streets and avenues-north, east, south, and west. yet here they all unite. tell me, does the magnetic virtue of the needles of the compasses of all those ships attract them thither?

This is not 100% good, but we can add clue to quipqiup.
If your flag has question karks in it add clues.